Wiley's and John stayed on the rocks
below
George went up the hillside in the
direction he felt the lands might be
5,000 miles is a long way to see a
friend who perhaps could have forgotten
Christians new friends were with him as
he plowed it forward sharing their
recognition Christian hesitated him
they'd forgotten all about the other
lines but it had level two feeling
acceptance friendship was infectious
introduction was unnecessary
the reunion it really was the good old
days without all those tiresome words
and exaggerations that the passing of
time permits to creep in how seldom in
life are we free enough just to sit just
to enjoy friendship
they had a year of Christians life to
learn about a year at experiences they'd
missed but the old familiarity still
survived
not only could they sit quietly in the
shade but they found that through
Christian they were accepting my Mona
Lisa and even super
far away on the west coast of England in
a small zoo live questions parents much
of Holland and Mary of Israel
we will probably spend all their lives
here and it's there so to another this
is where Christian was born and spent
the first weeks of his life that is
until he was sold to the London
department store where isn't John person
saw him if you're not behind bars life
can always be an adventure
Christian now king of the pride runs the
risk of injury or early death but he has
the chance of finding some happiness too
he's travelled from the wrong end of the
Kings Road in London
to the start of the right road in Africa
is it the right road for question yet no
one can say our life continues no one
knows the end only fairy tales have
endings
see
to